howdy there internet people is bow-gun
and it is the 4th of July so I got a
giant box of fireworks and we're just
worldwide at all on fire at once I
soaked in gasoline we see what happened
it's gonna be great
we're doing this because it's the 4th of
July we got that important document that
got released today celebrating America
all men are created equal
unless you're in a concentration camp
where the government is arguing that
they don't have to provide you with soap
or toothpaste or even sleep adequate
food bathing none of that because I
guess those people they're not real
people or maybe here in one of those
locations that uh there's thousands of
sexual abuse complaints they get filed
but they're not investigated because
nobody cares what happens to kids if
they're brown right do you celebrate
freedom no I don't think so
another phrase that's in that document
is a the guarantee to the pursuit of
happiness
I didn't see anything about you know
lines in the sand prohibiting that all
men endowed by their creator anyway now
I have a happy 4th of July
it's just a thought